Shameless.
Chi Pham, I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you.
Transfer the house to my name.
Transfer money to me
You clean the house
Then compensate me 500,000 yuan for the loss of youth.
Just get out of the house.
Youth loss fee 500,000
Why do you say why?
I will marry you, you bastard.
After so many years of suffering
A good day never passed.
I want half a million is not enough.
My many years of hard work.
The money I earn is all yours.
Buy cigarettes 6 dong, Hong Song Hy drinks wine 5 dong, first two pots.
I wear the same clothes for two years, what about you?
That just means you're useless.
No money
So what else can be said?
Move out.
These two days I want to sign a contract with me.
This is iron unsupported.
Hey, garbage collector?
I don't need anything at home.
my ex boyfriend
It's about rich people.
Money is a lot
It's not like there are poor patients.
Mom, I'm wrong.
My ex-boyfriend, he is a hundred times better than you.
Refuse.
After you divorce me, you will be single for life.
Howl.
Isn't this your sister-in-law?